add jmp push push push
add mov inc inc add
call mov push lea call
add add dec pop add
lea call mov cmp jne
mov jmp mov mov add
push pop mov call mov
jmp mov mov mov lea
mov inc inc add add
jns push jmp lea push
leave ret mov call push
cmp je cmp jne or
add add add add jo
mov mov mov mov dec
call mov call mov jmp
mov mov push mov lea
pop mov add ret nop
push push add push push
nop push push mov mov
ret jmp jmp mov pop
leave ret push push call
pop pop jne mov cmp
call mov call test je
mov cmp jne mov lea
mov push mov xor push
stos add add add add
cmp je mov jmp push
add mov mov pop pop
mov lea push call push
mov jmp mov mov lea
cmp jb cmp ja add
inc out inc out inc
jmp mov push call add
call mov mov mov jmp
cmp je lea push call
lea push call push mov
cmp je cmp je xor
push push call pop test
mov add test jne sub
je mov and mov jmp
mov mov call lea call
xor mov mov mov push
je mov mov mov test
in add in add in
push push push call call
add and pop add add
cmp je push lea call
mov mov or mov mov
push mov mov push lea
add add add add lods
lea mov lea push push
pop test jne push call
add push push lea push
nop push mov add push
add call mov mov mov
mov call sub mov mov
mov mov xor mov xor
jmp or jmp or jmp
push call add xor jmp
mov inc inc test jne
int3 int3 int3 mov test
jne push push lea push
pop ret mov push call
xor mov xor mov mov
leave ret nop mov mov
setg lea mov jmp xor
push push push jmp mov
push mov push lea call
mov lea mov mov lea
pop test je mov mov
mov mov mov call ret
push lea call mov test
add add add add ins
jmp cmp jne push push
call push call add push
call pop mov mov test
je push lea push call
push lea push push jmp
xor mov mov xor mov
inc inc push inc inc
jmp push push lea push
jne cmp jne push push
call mov pop leave ret
sub push mov push push
add add test add add
push call pop mov call
lea mov jmp xor test
call add test jne cmp
push add add inc add
dec out dec out dec
in inc in inc in
inc in inc in inc
out dec out dec out
push call test je call
call add mov mov cmp
mov lea push call add
or jmp push push call
cmp je push push mov
test jne mov jmp push
lea mov call mov call
call add cmp jne push
dec cmc dec cmc dec
cmc dec cmc dec cmc
push push push sub mov
je mov jmp mov cmp
call test jne cmp jne
mov cmp je mov add
push add mov mov mov
and and and push add
sub mov mov push push
test jns push jmp lea
add add add stos add
jmp mov mov mov jmp
lea mov call test je
call mov add push push
je cmp je mov cmp
inc add mov inc add
push mov sub lea push
jmp mov lea push push
call push call mov pop
xor mov xor mov xor
mul seto neg or push
jmp cmp jne mov push
push push xor push mov
add imul jb jns and
mov mov and cmp jne
xor pop mov pop ret
mov mov mov ret push
call add mov push mov
add sub add sub add
test jne call mov mov
call sti call sti call
sti call sti call sti
mov call mov xor push
add add and je push
mov jmp mov mov test
seto neg or push call
mov jmp mov jmp int3
add cmp jne mov mov
push push push jmp push
test jne mov mov push
jne mov push call add
mov call cmp jne push
mov mov xor mov cmp
add mov mov call mov
test je push push lea
cmp mov je mov push
push call push call jmp
test jne cmp je cmp
mov call ret int3 int3
je mov push mov push
add mov mov cmp je
push jmp push lea push
test je test jne mov
mov mov test jne call
push call pop test pop
mov lea lea mov mov
pop ret mov test je
lea push call mov pop
lea mov call mov cmp
test jns push push push
lea call test je mov
and push add add add
lea mov mov mov lea
mov je push push push
mov lea call push mov
mov call mov jmp push
mov mov lea lea mov
xor jmp sbb sbb test
mov jmp cmp jne cmp
add add jg add add
jne cmp je cmp jne
lea lea push push mov
call pop pop push call
call test pop pop mov
mov cmp jl mov mov
push call cmp pop je
cmp mov je push call
and je outs add add
mov call test jne xor
mov test je mov add
mov push xor push push
push add push add push
push mov call cmp mov
push call jmp cmp jne
lods add add add add
mov sub push push lea
lea call lea call push
call test jne cmp je
call add mov test jne
push mov push and push
je mov mov mov push
jmp mov cmp je cmp
and and add add add
ins add outs add add
mov add ret nop nop
lea call test je push
call pop pop ret nop
outs add outs add je
call cmp je cmp je
cmp jne call mov mov
mov mov push call lea
push lea call test jne
mov call or lea call
test je push lea call
mov mov cmp mov mov
call mov pop test je
push mov mov xor push
inc add pop add add
mov sub mov mov push
jne mov push mov call
mov jmp xor pop pop
push call mov mov xor
mov jmp xor mov mov
add jg add add add
jmp push mov call mov
test je lea push lea
push mov mov mov pop
sub push push push call
inc add inc add dec
inc add dec add add
pop ret xor pop ret
push mov mov push xor
ret nop push mov push
test je mov mov lea
pop mov mov test je
push push push add mov
cmp jne or jmp or
mov jmp mov mov call
mov lea movs movs movs
push call pop and mov
cmp mov je mov mov
push push mov add push
call add ret int3 int3
pop push push push call
jne cmp jne cmp je
add mov push push call
test setg lea mov jmp
nop nop nop mov mov
mov cmp jne lea push
test je cmp jne cmp
push push call test jl
mov mov xor pop pop
push call cmp je cmp
xor mov mov pop pop
call call mov mov mov
mov dec test jl inc
add push add add push
jne test je mov mov
push mov push lea mov
push mov push xor push
add add add add jne
call test je mov test
add mov mov jmp mov
test je mov jmp xor
je push mov push call
push call add mov call
call mov push call add
call pop push call pop
mov jmp test je mov
mov push push xor push
lea call push mov push
call pop pop cmp je
jmp mov jmp lea jmp
ret lea push push push
push lea mov push call
push sub mov xor mov
mov add jmp mov lea
test jns push jmp push
mov test jne mov cmp
add in add in add
call mov mov call test
pop call leave ret push
cmp jge mov mov mov
dec add ins add and
mov jmp push mov push
lea mov mov mov push
mov mov add mov jmp
cmp jle mov mov mov
sub je dec dec je
add pop add inc add
mov call lea mov push
jg mov mov push mov
test je lea push call
push call xor pop pop
add add outs add ins
test je mov jmp push
cmp jb std rep cld
jb std rep cld jmp
je test je mov mov
add add dec add inc
mov mov cmp jle mov
call push mov call add
mov mov call xor mov
lea call mov push call
jmp mov mov push call
mov call ret mov push
mov pop ret mov pop
mov ret mov push mov
add add daa add daa
call add lea push call
add add popa add push
je push push call add
push add add add das
mov mov mov add add
push call add ret push
movzx push movzx push movzx
call test jne mov push
mov mov and test je
add mov push push push
add test add add add
mov add cmp jne mov
pop pop ret add add
add add add add je
add mov mov push push
pop ret nop nop push
call pop pop leave ret
inc add add add dec
add pop pop jbe popa
mov call pop mov pop
jne or jmp or jmp
push call add pop mov
add add add test add
test jne cmp jne mov
cmp jne mov lea push
push mov xor mov push
call push mov mov mov
call mov call ret mov
mov push mov call ret
mov mov call ret push
pop mov pop add ret
call lea call mov push
jne mov call mov mov
call mov test jne call
mov cmp je mov lea
call jmp cmp jne mov
call mov jmp push call
mov push mov test jne
add jmp mov lea mov
xor pop pop ret push
lea mov lea mov mov
add add dec add dec
call mov cmp je test
cmp je test je mov
mov push call add pop
xor mov mov call mov
mov cmp jge push jmp
add inc add ins add
cmp je mov lea push
call push call test je
mov mov call sub mov
call add cmp je push
xor push push mov mov
jne mov cmp je test
jne cmp jne mov cmp
je push mov call mov
ret nop push push push
inc inc add add add
mov shr rep mov and
call lea mov call push
leave ret push mov mov
ret int3 int3 push mov
mov mov mov sub cmp
push push sub mov mov
ret push mov call push
xor pop ret int3 int3
add add inc add push
add jmp mov mov mov
xor mov push mov push
nop nop nop nop sub
call push call mov push
pop pop pop mov leave
push add inc add add
push call mov cmp mov
add mov mov mov pop
lea or lock dec test
jmp push lea push call
test jne push lea push
mov test jne test je
mov mov test mov je
push mov call jmp push
je test je cmp je
lea mov push mov call
add je add add add
je sub je dec je
lea call mov mov lea
test jne test je mov
dec inc inc and and
pop mov push mov call
add add push add inc
add inc add add push
call add push call push
cmp jne push call push
jne xor jmp mov mov
cmp jl mov mov mov
jne push mov call mov
push add push push push
mov push push call lea
cmp jb mov mov mov
jmp mov cmp je push
call mov jmp push push
lea call mov mov call
push call mov test jl
pusha pusha pusha pusha pusha
test jne cmp je push
push call test mov jne
call jmp mov mov call
add mov mov mov call
push add add push add
ret mov push call pop
call sub mov mov mov
test jne mov mov call
mov jne mov mov mov
push lea mov mov push
jne push push call push
add mov test je mov
call mov mov mov xor
cmp je push call lea
mov call mov call push
test jne mov push call
cmp jge push push push
mov call test je lea
pop mov test je push
call mov add push call
mov call pop ret push
ret push push call xor
mov mov cmp jne xor
add imul add add add
call cmp mov je push
je cmp jne or jmp
mov lea call mov push
mov call push call push
call add jmp mov push
lea push mov call test
jne call mov call mov
mov mov add push call
leave ret push mov call
push call mov push lea
call push push push lea
mov push call add cmp
push mov call lea call
add mov mov push call
mov call cmp je push
add add das add inc
setg lea jmp xor test
test setg lea jmp xor
mov mov call call mov
mov call mov mov jmp
cmp jbe mov mov mov
pop call leave ret int3
call mov jmp mov jmp
add add add je add
mov test jne cmp je
int3 int3 int3 mov ret
mov lea mov lea mov
call test jne mov cmp
imul add add add add
push mov lea push mov
mov call lea call lea
push call pop mov jmp
test pop pop jne or
add test je mov push
xor pop pop ret mov
add das add inc add
add add xchg add add
call clc call clc call
clc call clc call clc
call add pop ret int3
cmp je push push lea
push call add xor mov
push call xor mov mov
call mov mov lea call
mov cmp jne mov test
mov mov ret int3 int3
int3 lea jmp mov jmp
ret push push mov push
lea lea mov mov mov
cmp jne call mov call
pop push push push push
push call push mov mov
mov push mov mov xor
lea jmp xor test jne
int3 int3 mov ret int3
jne push call push push
call mov pop pop test
call push push mov push
test jg mov mov push
mov mov cmp je lea
pop ret int3 int3 push
push push push mov cmp
je cmp jne mov jmp
pop pop leave ret nop
push call mov jmp push
mov lea mov call lea
push call mov mov sub
mov call add pop pop
call push push call test
jmp mov mov call mov
push call mov cmp jl
cmp jae mov mov mov
add inc inc add inc
jmp push mov push mov
push call lea mov push
cmp je push mov push
jne xor jmp sbb sbb
call or lea call mov
test jne xor jmp sbb
jne push call mov mov
mov pop leave ret mov
call call ret push mov
push call mov call ret
lea push mov add push
mov mov test je call
je push call pop cmp
xor push push mov call
call test jne mov call
cmp je mov mov jmp
push mov xor push mov
mov mov jmp push push
add popa add push add
call int3 int3 int3 int3
push call int3 push mov
test je push push mov
add mov mov mov push
mov mov mov add push
push mov cmp jne mov
ret mov push mov call
mov add push push mov
test mov je mov mov
call mov mov pop mov
jne mov mov call mov
cmp je push call test
mov cmp mov je mov
pop pop test je mov
int3 mov ret int3 int3
nop nop jmp nop nop
push push add mov mov
add add add jae and
ret mov push mov cmp
mov cmp je push lea
or lock dec test jg
mov mov push lea mov
je push call pop push
push push push xor push
add dec add pop add
je mov mov call test
push push mov xor cmp
and jns dec or inc
mov mov call lea lea
mov test je test jne
mov mov test je test
call pop ret push call
add push lea push call
lea mov call push push
push push call ret push
mov call mov call test
mov mov jmp mov add
mov cmp jne push mov
push mov call add push
add add add xchg add
lea call push call mov
cmp jne xor jmp mov
call push pop mov call
mov jmp mov push call
add add cmp add add
mov test je mov lea
jne call mov push call
test je push call and
cmp mov jne mov mov
add add je add add
mov call mov pop mov
mov push push mov lea
mov push mov xor mov
je mov mov mov jmp
mov pop mov leave ret
push mov call add test
ret push mov call test
mov lea call push call
rcl rcl rcl rcl rcl
add add test jne xor
test jge push push push
jmp mov mov mov push
lea call mov mov pop
xor pop ret push mov
ret nop nop nop push
mov push push push xor
mov push mov push xor
add lods add add add
call test jne xor jmp
add add add cmp add
mov ret nop nop nop
add add lods add add
call pop pop mov mov
call add pop pop ret
call mov mov jmp mov
call mov push push lea
mov mov cmp mov je
mov push call cmp je
push call add mov add
je cmp jne mov cmp
mov call sub push push
add add add add jb
cmp mov je push push
push push call pop mov
mov test je call mov
mov mov mov cmp jae
push push call jmp cmp
add add add add imul
jne mov pop pop pop
push push push push xor
lea mov call mov push
jmp mov push push call
mov mov test jne push
mov cmp jb mov mov
mov xor mov cmp je
int3 push mov mov mov
push mov push xor mov
xor test setg lea jmp
mov mov mov lea call
push push call add add
call push call add mov
xor jmp mov mov mov
push sub push push push
jne mov mov mov call
call mov mov add mov
lea mov inc test jne
lea call push lea mov
pop pop pop ret add
call add mov mov pop
add mov cmp je mov
data16 data16 data16 data16 data16
mov push xor mov mov
push push lea mov push
mov add test je mov
push push mov push xor
mov mov cmp jbe mov
add mov pop pop ret
call add mov mov test
mov jmp cmp je cmp
dec xor cs ins add
cmp je mov test jne
push call add cmp mov
push push call cmp pop
push lea call push mov
lea call mov push lea
push call test fnclex jge
je test je test je
mov test je push lea
call mov mov call push
dec test jg mov mov
mov call lea call mov
mov push mov call add
push mov mov call cmp
push mov mov xor mov
push call add lea mov
cmp add add add add
adc add adc add adc
nop push mov sub push
mov call jmp mov call
je push mov push push
ret push mov add push
mov call lea push call
je dec je dec jne
ret push mov mov test
cmp mov mov mov mov
je push call mov cmp
lea call push push push
push push push push jmp
call pop test je push
add cmp add add add
shr rep mov and rep
lea mov push call mov
mov push mov call lea
mov lea mov push push
add mov mov mov add
push mov add push mov
mov test jne mov test
mov lea call lea call
call pop pop pop mov
je push call lea push
mov mov mov shr mov
mov mov mov test mov
push push call push jmp
add test jne mov mov
add cmp je mov and
add add inc add pop
jmp mov mov test je
pop mov mov pop pop
add add add add cmp
add add add lods add
pop add ret nop nop
push lea call mov call
mov jmp xor test jne
add pop add dec add
mov je mov mov mov
mov cmp jb mov push
mov inc test jne sub
push call pop jmp mov
mov call xor mov mov
push movzx push movzx push
push add push push call
ret push mov push call
add push lea push push
jmp cmp jne cmp jne
call pop cmp je push
call push push lea mov
mov mov mov jmp xor
call mov test pop pop
add pop ret push mov
je mov cmp jne add
lea mov call lea call
jmp mov test je push
int3 int3 int3 mov mov
je cmp jne push push
mov mov test je lea
je lea push lea push
jmp mov jmp mov mov
push mov xor mov mov
mov xor push mov mov
add mov cmp jne mov
push mov test je push
je cmp jne cmp je
pop pop add ret mov
pop pop add ret int3
mov mov mov xor cmp
mov mov cmp jne test
test jge push push mov
add daa add daa add
jne xor pop pop pop
mov push sub mov xor
call mov mov mov test
call pop test je mov
mov call push call add
add lea push push call
push call push call cmp
mov mov jmp cmp je
push mov call pop ret
mov cmp jne mov call
push mov push call cmp
ret nop mov mov mov
mov sub mov push push
push call lea call lea
jne push call push call
mov push call mov call
cmp cmp cmp cmp cmp
push mov mov mov xor
push mov push mov lea
je mov test je cmp
int3 int3 int3 mov jmp
cmp jne mov jmp push
push push push call ret
push mov call mov jmp
jne mov mov mov jmp
call add push push call
ret mov push push mov
push call push lea call
mov test jne xor jmp
call mov add call mov
add mov pop ret int3
xor mov mov mov cmp
mov add pop pop pop
call pop pop pop leave
jmp push call pop ret
add add add add xchg
jne mov mov cmp je
add mov mov mov cmp
je mov mov cmp je
jne test je mov cmp
lea push push call fnclex
lea lea push push call
test jne cmp je mov
dec add push add inc
call mov test js mov
mov add push call mov
add add add add jae
call xor push push push
mov push lea mov mov
push call ret push mov
jmp push call pop mov
call mov xor push push
sbb add add add add
jne cmp je mov mov
nop nop push mov push
mov jmp lea push push
push call add mov lea
jmp mov mov push push
push call mov lea mov
mov mov add call mov
mov mov mov jmp push
call ret jmp jmp mov
mov mov add push push
push lea call push call
mov add call mov mov
nop push push mov push
push mov call cmp jne
call mov add test jne
push mov mov lea push
call add jmp push push
mov cmp jbe mov mov
call mov mov xor mov
call mov lea push lea
call pop mov test je
add pop ret int3 int3
pop ret push mov add
test je mov lea push
mov mov jmp mov push
leave ret mov call sub
test je test je test
call mov lea mov mov
call mov pop pop mov
push mov mov call pop
push call mov test pop
call push push mov mov
push mov cmp je mov
call test jne call mov
add add sbb add add
test je test je push
jo jo jo jo jo
push call test jne lea
push push mov call jmp
and popa add add add
jne add add test jne
add mov jmp mov mov
call mov push mov mov
cmp jne add add test
je mov cmp je push
jne push push call pop
push push mov call xor
lock dec test jg mov
add lea push lea push
xor mov push push mov
pop mov leave ret push
mov mov lea mov push
mov call ret push call
call test je mov cmp
call add jmp mov mov
add xchg add add add
je push call test je
call push call pop ret
mov push sub push push
or add or add or
je mov push call add
test je mov test jne
call add push call mov
mov mov mov cmp jb
jmp mov add mov mov
cmp je mov push mov
add add ins add add
mov push call pop push
inc add inc inc add
mov pop pop ret nop
push call add jmp cmp
int3 int3 mov jmp mov
call test je push mov
push call push call test
push push mov mov lea
pop jne mov jmp push
ret mov call push push
add add add add sbb
jmp cmp je mov mov
push mov call add cmp
call add lea push lea
ret mov lea mov xor
mov call lea lea push
mov mov mov lea lea
push mov call jmp mov
call push push call add
je mov push mov call
call add cmp jne mov
lea call mov call ret
mov cmp jb mov jmp
int3 int3 int3 int3 sub
call lea push push mov
mov cmp jle mov mov
cmp je push call add
add ins add outs add
mov mov pop pop xor
add outs add ins add
push add dec add add
test je mov mov jmp
pop pop mov pop leave
push mov call cmp je
push lea call lea mov
jne mov mov cmp jne
int3 push mov call mov
je push push lea push
push call test jne cmp
call xor mov mov mov
push push xor push push
mov call mov mov xor
push call test pop je
push mov sub push lea
sub je sub je dec
push jmp lea push push
test je cmp jb push
call pop pop push push
mov push push lea mov
push call cmp pop pop
push call push call lea
call mov mov push lea
call test jne lea push
lea push mov mov push
push mov push sub push
mov cmp je lea push
test je mov mov cmp
jb push push push push
mov mov mov cmp mov
je push call push call
mov push push call cmp
mov cmp je mov test
jne mov push push call
add lea push push push
push push call fnclex test
add sbb add add add
jne mov mov push push
mov call lea push mov
xor pop pop pop ret
je cmp jb push push
je sub je sub jne
push mov lea push call
and je push add add
pop pop ret push call
call pop ret push push
call test je cmp je
call cmp je mov call
push lea call mov cmp
add pop ret mov push
mov add push call add
jne mov mov mov cmp
cmp jne mov call mov
je mov call mov mov
pop pop test je push
call mov mov lea mov
sub push push mov push
mov jmp mov add jmp
mov mov cmp jge mov
add add add ins add
push call mov call mov
call leave ret int3 int3
test je push call test
call mov pop mov pop
jmp mov mov mov call
cmp jb mov push call
pop leave ret push push
test fnclex jge mov push
call cmp jne push push
je mov mov mov cmp
nop push mov push push
mov leave ret mov call
ret ret ret ret ret
jne push push call test
push call pop mov push
add push call add mov
call test je cmp jne
lea push push call cmp
jmp mov pop pop pop
cmp jne call push push
call add mov jmp mov
mov push call lea push
add pop pop pop ret
call mov cmp jne push
call add pop ret push
lea push call mov cmp
je test je cmp jb
mov mov call pop ret
add mov mov add mov
pop ret lea push push
jne lea push push call
call mov lea push call
mov call test je cmp
test jne lea push push
add add push add push
mov test jne mov jmp
push sub mov mov mov
call mov xor mov mov
ret push push push mov
lea push call mov add
mov jmp push lea push
call lea push push lea
jmp mov test je mov
push mov push sub mov
dec add inc add add
call test fnclex jge mov
call lea push lea call
je push call push push
sub je dec je dec
add add add data16 add
call lea call mov mov
cmp je mov call mov
cmp jne cmp jne push
ret mov call sub push
call lea mov mov call
int3 push mov sub push
call mov cmp jne call
xor xor xor xor xor
mov push mov cmp jne
cmp je push mov call
mov jmp mov push mov
mov and test je mov
mov push call mov add
call add mov cmp jne
mov add mov jmp mov
push call mov pop test
lea call mov mov push
call add pop ret mov
push push mov lea mov
call test je mov jmp
push mov mov cmp jne
nop mov push mov push
mov mov call mov add
mov add mov mov cmp
cmp jne push mov call
cmp jne push lea push
pop mov pop pop mov
mov mov jmp mov cmp
call pop pop jmp mov
call leave ret push mov
je mov mov cmp jne
jne cmp jne mov mov
lea push call cmp je
mov mov mov call sub
call ret push call pop
xor mov mov push push
call push lea push mov
add push push call mov
call test je push lea
je mov lea push push
jns push push call pop
jne mov jmp mov cmp
push call cmp jne push
sub jmp sub jmp sub
jmp mov mov cmp jne
lea mov call mov lea
add and and and and
je cmp jne cmp jne
mov call lea push lea
mov je push push call
mov call mov push lea
push push call add or
push call jmp push call
push lea call test je
mov cmp je push mov
mov or mov mov mov
call pop mov mov mov
jmp sub jmp sub jmp
mov pop xor pop call
call mov mov test jne
mov mov push call test
test jne push call mov
mov push mov add push
call lea push call mov
jmp mov cmp je mov
inc add push add add
jb mov push call add
jne cmp je cmp je
call add mov test je
call ret mov push mov
cmps cmps cmps cmps cmps
xor mov mov push mov
jne push lea push push
je mov cmp je cmp
pop mov leave ret mov
mov jmp int3 int3 lea
je mov mov push call
jmp int3 int3 lea jmp
add test jne xor jmp
push mov mov call add
call jmp push push push
call mov mov mov add
lea push call mov push
test jne mov jmp mov
lea push lea mov call
ret mov push push push
call mov push call push
jmp jmp pop pop pop
or jmp or jmp or
add mov add mov add
mov cmp jae mov mov
push mov mov test jne
nop nop push mov sub
push push push xor mov
lea mov call lea push
push mov add push call
add dec inc add dec
push jmp push push call
test jne call mov call
pop ret push mov cmp
jne call push push push
je push call mov test
mov cmp jge mov mov
lea push call add lea
test je cmp jne push
pop ret push call pop
mov xor mov xor mov
call ret push mov push
lea call lea lea push
call mov push call pop
test je push call push
call mov cmp je cmp
jmp push push call mov
push call lea mov call
pop ret mov pop ret
call add test jne push
push lea call ret jmp
call push lea push lea
inc add pop inc add
test jns push push call
call add mov push push
jne mov cmp je mov
add add add sbb add
mov push lea call mov
push mov mov call lea
call jmp push push call
call cmp je mov mov
mov jmp cmp je mov
je mov mov test je
lea push mov push mov
jmp lea push lea push
pop pop mov push mov
call mov lea mov call
call mov mov pop ret
call cmp jne mov mov
ret push push call mov
push mov call test fnclex
mov push lea call ret
add mov mov test je
test je mov mov test
push mov mov mov test
add mov push call add
call add push call add
lea push call pop pop
mov add mov mov add
mov lea call lea push
mov call mov add mov
add test je push push
push lea mov push push
je push call pop test
add add add xor add
mov call push mov push
lea mov mov call lea
mov jmp mov push push
add adc add adc add
int3 int3 int3 jmp int3
mov test je lea push
lea push push lea mov
mov mov mov add cmp
mov cmp je mov call
push call pop pop cmp
push push xor mov mov
lea push call test jne
mov cmp jne xor jmp
call mov jmp mov lea
mov mov call xor pop
dec inc add dec inc
mov call mov pop ret
call mov test je cmp
call push lea call lea
push mov cmp je push
pop add ret int3 int3
pop ret nop push push
nop nop push push mov
ret int3 int3 int3 push
call push call pop mov
call test je mov call
int3 int3 push mov call
int3 jmp int3 int3 int3
ret push push push call
push mov push push xor
mov call xor push push
jne cmp je push call
mov mov call mov jmp
mov call ret jmp jmp
test pop pop jne push
ret push mov mov mov
ret push push mov mov
push push call lea mov
lea mov mov push push
jne mov cmp je cmp
lea mov push push call
call push call mov lea
xor push mov mov mov
cmp jne cmp je cmp
int3 int3 jmp int3 int3
jne lea push push push
push call jmp mov mov
call mov push mov push
call push mov call pop
call cmp je push push
test je test je mov
jmp cmp je cmp je
cmp je push call push
push lea call lea call
push mov mov mov lea
dec add dec add add
pop test je push push
xor pop pop pop leave
jne mov mov jmp mov
test jne mov test je
cmp jne mov push call
jne mov lea push push
lea mov push lea push
jmp mov push call jmp
lea push call push push
call lea push mov call
cmp jb push push push
pop pop jne mov jmp
push mov push mov xor
mov cmp jne call mov
je push call mov pop
mov call push lea mov
add add add add popa
pop xor pop call mov
jp jp jp jp jp
mov mov mov call call
jge jge jge jge jge
mov mov mov xor push
lea push lea call push
test je push mov push
push lea push call cmp
cmp jne mov mov call
add test je mov mov
push push mov push lea
push call mov cmp jge
push xor mov mov mov
push push mov mov test
cmp jne cmp je push
call push call push push
inc add push inc add
mov push mov call pop
int3 int3 int3 int3 jmp
mov call lea mov mov
pop ret lea push mov
je mov mov push push
je push push call push
mov push call jmp mov
mov mov cmp jae mov
je mov mov jmp mov
push call mov pop ret
mov cmp jne add add
push mov call mov xor
push mov call pop mov
push push call xor mov
add add inc add and
jmp mov mov cmp je
ret mov mov mov mov
out out out out out
lea call lea mov call
jne mov test je mov
call push push call pop
pop cmp je push call
lea call mov push push
push mov test je mov
push lea push call pop
push mov xor push push
call add push lea push
call mov mov mov cmp
mov call test jne push
test je cmp je push
mov jmp mov add mov
push push call mov xor
cmp je mov and mov
mov jmp mov mov push
lea call lea push push
jmp push mov push push
cmp jne mov push mov
call or lea push push
mov test je mov jmp
push call or lea push
mov lea push mov push
jmp lea push push call
jmp mov mov mov cmp
lea push mov call lea
cmp jne mov mov jmp
mov call add mov mov
push call pop test jne
push call push push lea
mov add mov add mov
lea push push lea call
call mov cmp jge push
ins add add add add
cmp je mov mov push
mov test mov je mov
cmp jne push call mov
call add mov cmp je
jne mov jmp push push
push call pop mov test
mov mov pop pop leave
je cmp je push push
call jmp mov push call
mov mov cmp je test
mov push mov cmp je
push call mov pop mov
pop mov push lea call
test jne xor jmp mov
mov mov mov pop mov
push call cmp jne mov
je mov mov call mov
mov push call test jne
ret push mov mov push
test je push mov call
lea call ret jmp jmp
test je mov push mov
test jne mov push push
int3 push push mov push
add and je push add
xor test jne mov cmp
mov push call mov lea
jmp cmp jne mov jmp
mov push mov lea push
mov xor pop pop pop
test je cmp je cmp
push add add add dec
mov mov mov mov ret
call add push push push
push jmp push push push
lea push push call or
push push call lea lea
cmp jne mov mov push
add add add add xor
mov jmp lea jmp mov
je cmp je mov mov
lea mov call push lea
mov jmp mov mov jmp
add push push push mov
lea call mov lea push
push call add push mov
je mov jmp mov mov
call push mov mov call
call mov add test je
mov test jne mov push
je push call mov mov
je cmp je push call
call push mov push push
mov jmp mov test je
cmp je push lea push
jmp mov mov jmp mov
lea call lea call mov
push push call or lea
mov call mov xor mov
push push mov xor mov
push call cmp mov jne
ret jmp jmp pop pop
sub sub sub sub sub
mov push push lea call
push call lea call mov
mov push mov mov cmp
mov mov lea call mov
call mov test jne push
mov test jne push push
call push push push mov
pop pop mov leave ret
add add inc add inc
push xor push push push
test je mov call mov
jmp xor test jne mov
mov jmp push call pop
call mov add mov mov
mov push call add jmp
pop mov cmp je push
call mov mov push mov
jmp push push call pop
je mov test je push
push call pop ret int3
jne mov cmp je movzx
push call pop push push
cmp je mov mov cmp
push call add lea call
call push push lea push
push mov push mov cmp
fnclex jge mov push push
je mov cmp jne mov
int3 int3 lea jmp mov
jmp push jmp push jmp
sub push push push push
test fnclex jge push push
add add xor add add
call test jne push push
push call add push lea
mov call mov lea call
call add mov mov push
lea call push push call
cmp jb mov jmp mov
mov call mov mov add
mov test je push mov
call test fnclex jge push
push push mov call lea
mov add push push call
jne cmp jne cmp jne
sbb sbb sbb sbb sbb
push call test mov je
lea push call add test
mov cmp jne test je
push call cmp je mov
push call push push mov
xor add add add add
pop pop je push push
mov test jne call mov
adc add add add adc
movdqa movdqa movdqa movdqa movdqa
mov mov cmp jb mov
mov inc mov mov mov
mov pop leave ret push
call ret jmp jmp pop
cmp jne lea push push
push mov sub mov push
mov call push mov mov
add inc add dec add
call mov mov cmp jne
push push mov mov xor
push push call mov call
je push call cmp je
mov push mov push lea
add add add add or
mov call push push lea
mov mov call cmp je
fnclex test jge push push
pop pop leave ret int3
mov push call add test
call fnclex test jge push
add push push call add
jmp xor pop pop pop
mov call mov test jne
mov push call pop pop
push call fnclex test jge
je cmp jne push call
push push jmp push push
mov pop mov pop pop
je mov mov mov call
push call mov add push
mov lea mov mov call
pop pop pop mov xor
mov leave ret push mov
push lea call mov push
call push call mov mov
call mov lea push mov
mov lea call push push
pop mov xor call mov
mov mov call add mov
lea push lea call mov
push lea push lea call
push lea call mov lea
pop mov pop ret nop
call lea lea push lea
je mov push push call
mov push call push mov
lea mov push push push
call jmp mov mov mov
call test je mov push
mov mov mov jmp cmp
mov mov call cmp jne
jmp nop nop nop nop
xor pop pop pop pop
or test je or test
cmp je push call cmp
mov mov mov call xor
inc add dec inc add
jmp mov push push push
mov call cmp jne mov
cmp je mov mov call
call fnclex mov cmp jge
fnclex mov cmp jge push
push call fnclex mov cmp
push push mov lea push
mov mov pop ret mov
mov mov call push call
mov call mov lea mov
mov mov lea mov call
mov lea call mov lea
mov push call fnclex mov
mov push call push push
mov call mov mov lea
push call test je lea
add xor add add add
mov cmp je mov jmp
cmp jge push push mov
push call cmp mov je
pop pop mov pop pop
dec add push add add
call ret int3 int3 int3
mov mov jmp cmp jne
je movzx movzx sub je
cmp je mov push push
cmp jne mov test je
mov mov mov inc mov
push push call lea call
add add add add pop
jmp cmp jne mov mov
sub push mov push mov
push push mov call cmp
push mov call lea mov
xor call mov jmp mov
mov push lea mov call
jge mov push push push
call mov test jne mov
push mov push call pop
push add push add add
call mov pop ret mov
push call mov mov call
mov mov call push lea
mov push call add push
jne mov jmp cmp jne
mov call push push call
popa add add add add
push call test je cmp
call push lea call mov
call lea lea push push
pop ret nop push mov
mov push call push call
xchg add add add add
sub add add add add
je mov cmp je mov
nop nop nop push push
push jmp push jmp push
mov mov lea push call
mov call mov jmp mov
mov cmp je movzx movzx
mov push push mov xor
dec je dec je dec
lea push mov call push
push mov mov mov cmp
mov lea push push lea
mov call mov mov test
push mov mov cmp je
call pop mov pop ret
pop pop ret lea push
mov mov mov call add
add inc add pop add
call mov lea call lea
push push push mov lea
add push push push push
test je mov mov push
mov mov mov mov shr
xor mov push push push
mov test je test je
push call mov add cmp
mov call xor pop pop
jne mov push push push
pop mov pop leave ret
cmp je test je cmp
test je mov cmp jne
push lea mov call push
or mov mov mov mov
cmp je movzx movzx sub
add ins add add add
lea push call add push
push call lea lea push
add mov pop pop pop
test jne push push push
mov mov call mov xor
add pop pop pop pop
call pop ret int3 int3
mov mov movzx mov mov
mov mov inc mov mov
add or add or add
je lea push push call
mov call test fnclex jge
lea push call push call
call add test je push
mov push lea push lea
push mov call mov add
jmp mov push mov push
pop pop mov xor call
pop pop mov pop mov
call add lea push push
mov call push call mov
outs add add add add
pop mov pop pop pop
mov push call mov pop
mov mov xor push push
push call jmp mov push
test je mov cmp je
call call call call call
push mov call mov call
call pop mov cmp je
push call pop cmp je
push push push lea mov
lea push call mov test
cmp je cmp jne cmp
mov pop ret push push
call mov mov mov lea
mov xor mov push mov
mov call mov push call
jmp lea push push push
mov mov call mov pop
cmp jne test je mov
int3 int3 push push mov
cmp jne mov push push
cmp je mov test je
lea call mov lea call
call pop pop test jne
cmp je lea push push
call pop pop ret push
push push mov mov cmp
push push call add ret
call add pop pop pop
mov push mov test je
push push call test mov
int3 push mov sub mov
call mov call mov call
mov push mov mov test
mov mov cmp jne push
add ret nop nop nop
pop xor pop call leave
daa add add add add
mov movzx mov mov mov
pop je push push call
mov cmp jne push call
pop pop pop ret lea
push lea mov call lea
mov mov push push lea
push mov call lea push
push push mov call pop
push push push call xor
mov test je mov cmp
jmp push lea push push
inc mov mov mov mov
pop ret mov mov mov
cmp je mov jmp mov
mov test jns push push
cmp jne cmp jne cmp
test je mov jmp mov
test je cmp je mov
push lea mov mov call
push push call add xor
pop pop mov push lea
or lea push push push
mov jmp mov mov cmp
pop mov mov mov mov
mov push call mov cmp
mov mov mov push lea
mov pop ret mov mov
test je push lea push
call mov push lea push
call add mov push call
mov call mov push mov
call add mov pop ret
push call mov mov add
je lea push push push
mov sub push push mov
mov push push push lea
mov mov call lea push
mov test je mov call
pop ret push push mov
push call pop push call
mov jmp mov lea mov
mov mov mov call jmp
push push call mov jmp
call pop pop mov pop
call push mov push call
mov jmp lea jmp lea
mov mov and mov mov
call add cmp je mov
call add mov pop pop
call test jne mov mov
call mov call mov mov
int3 int3 lea jmp lea
mov mov mov mov inc
pop pop ret nop push
mov jmp mov cmp je
call mov push push mov
call mov pop pop ret
call test je lea push
mov xor call mov pop
mov call mov call ret
mov mov call lea mov
pop ret mov push push
mov mov cmp jne cmp
cmp jne mov mov cmp
call pop pop ret mov
add add add add sub
push push call pop ret
mov mov mov movzx mov
mov lea mov call mov
push lea push mov mov
xor pop call mov pop
add add add add daa
call push lea call push
cmp je cmp jne push
test pop pop je push
push push lea call lea
call mov mov push call
push call push mov push
mov call mov cmp jne
call lea push push push
lea push mov mov call
setg lea mov test jne
test setg lea mov test
add add add or add
je mov push push push
mov jmp push push push
lea mov test jne movzx
push push mov push sub
jmp lea jmp mov jmp
push mov push push lea
add add dec add push
add add or add add
add push add dec add
fnclex jge push push push
mov lea call mov mov
lea push lea push mov
mov mov pop mov pop
int3 lea jmp lea jmp
lea jmp mov jmp int3
call test jne push call
mov test jne movzx movzx
mov mov mov call cmp
ret push call pop ret
push mov call mov lea
push call add jmp push
mov call push lea call
ret push push push push
mov push call push lea
je dec je dec je
mov mov mov test jne
jne push call pop mov
xor call mov xor call
test je cmp jne mov
mov push lea push mov
push call mov mov pop
push mov push mov test
lea call push lea push
push mov call push lea
add dec add dec add
mov cmp jne mov push
mov xor call mov xor
mov cmp jne cmp je
pop pop ret mov mov
add popa add add add
lea push mov push call
mov mov push call fnclex
int3 int3 int3 int3 lea
push push call jmp mov
lea push mov push push
mov mov push call push
mov mov mov call pop
mov pop ret nop nop
je cmp jne mov mov
add ret int3 int3 int3
call mov mov mov pop
mov mov call mov test
pop pop xor pop call
mov push call mov test
call push lea mov call
mov test jne push call
push call mov mov test
pop call mov pop ret
cmp jne mov jmp cmp
mov xor mov mov push
test je mov mov call
adc adc adc adc adc
call mov pop ret push
test jne push push call
je push lea push push
push call add mov test
mov mov call jmp mov
push call pop pop push
push call mov mov lea
add and add add add
pop leave ret mov push
mov call mov mov cmp
mov and mov mov mov
xor call mov pop ret
push call mov test js
push push call jmp push
mov lea push call mov
mov lea push mov call
add add add and add
cmp je mov cmp jne
push push lea mov mov
push call lea push call
cmp jne cmp je mov
push mov call mov cmp
call mov push mov call
lea call lea push lea
push mov call mov pop
push lea push call test
add add and add add
lea push push call pop
mov mov call push mov
jne push push call mov
mov call mov lea push
call mov xor call mov
je push call add mov
add add popa add add
mov pop pop xor pop
add daa add add add
mov test jns push jmp
push mov push call test
adc add add add add
mov cmp jne cmp jne
je test je push push
cmp je cmp je push
push call jmp push push
push mov call add mov
pop pop pop pop add
add add add pop add
je mov test je mov
mov call lea push push
add add add sub add
mov mov mov and mov
jmp mov cmp jne mov
push call mov push mov
or or or or or
add add daa add add
call mov mov lea push
je or test je or
mov push mov call push
call mov pop ret int3
lea push call push lea
push call add mov jmp
mov mov push call pop
movzx mov mov mov mov
mov jmp mov cmp jne
call push call pop pop
push call add cmp jne
mov call jmp mov mov
mov push call pop mov
test je push call add
lea lea push lea push
push call test jne call
mov push mov call test
int3 int3 int3 lea jmp
lea lea push push push
lea push call mov lea
call add test jne mov
mov mov lea push lea
push mov push mov sub
push lea call lea push
and mov mov mov mov
add dec add inc add
mov push call mov jmp
call mov mov mov push
push mov call pop pop
cmp je test je push
lea push call test je
push mov xor push lea
test je or test je
push call lea push lea
inc add add add inc
and add add add add
push call mov mov cmp
push lea push mov push
je push push call mov
mov call cmp je mov
add sub add add add
call mov call ret push
add add add add adc
mov push call test je
mov cmp jge push push
mov call mov mov push
lea call push push lea
lea push call add mov
mov ret int3 int3 int3
mov sub push mov push
lea mov mov mov call
pop mov pop mov pop
je push push call test
add push push push call
push mov push call push
mov mov mov mov movzx
mov call push call pop
pop leave ret int3 int3
dec dec dec dec dec
push call pop mov cmp
call pop pop test je
test je lea push push
cmp jne push call pop
mov mov mov call lea
cmp je mov push call
add add sub add add
mov call pop pop ret
mov mov pop ret int3
push call pop test je
call push push call push
add add add daa add
int3 int3 push mov mov
add add add add outs
push call add pop pop
jne mov cmp jne mov
push mov mov call test
mov pop pop ret int3
jne push push push call
call lea mov call mov
call mov push call mov
push call pop pop jmp
mov mov call mov push
xor pop call leave ret
mov mov lea push mov
xor push lea mov mov
push push lea mov call
jge push push mov push
call push mov call mov
sub mov xor mov mov
add add pop add add
jne mov jmp mov mov
mov mov call push push
int3 push mov push mov
je push push call pop
add add add popa add
mov lea push mov mov
push push call cmp mov
add or add add add
mov call push lea push
call mov jmp lea jmp
call pop ret mov push
test jne push call pop
xor call mov jmp lea
add push add inc add
pop pop pop pop mov
mov push push call test
mov mov call mov lea
mov mov test je cmp
int3 mov push mov mov
push push lea push lea
add inc add push add
push lea push call lea
mov call mov cmp je
nop nop mov push mov
push mov call test jne
mov mov call mov cmp
mov xor push lea mov
mov call mov push push
mov mov mov mov and
arpl arpl arpl arpl arpl
mov call ret push mov
lea push push mov push
add add add das add
mov cmp jne push push
call mov cmp jne mov
mov mov pop pop mov
pop pop ret nop nop
lea call lea call lea
push push call cmp jne
lea call push lea call
call pop ret push mov
test je mov push push
lea mov mov call mov
add add add add mov
mov call pop pop pop
push call push call add
test jne mov cmp je
push mov call mov test
call mov mov cmp je
call pop pop pop pop
call mov jmp mov mov
mov add add add add
xor call mov jmp int3
cmp jne cmp jne mov
mov xor mov push push
call mov jmp int3 int3
mov push call mov push
je sub je sub je
pop add add add add
push lea call push push
mov push push call pop
pop ret push push push
push push call cmp je
push mov lea push push
pop pop leave ret mov
call xor pop pop pop
pop pop pop add ret
pop ret push push call
inc add inc add add
pop ret push mov call
cmp jne mov cmp je
test pop pop jne mov
call ret push mov call
add add outs add add
mov mov cmp je push
jmp push push push call
mov pop pop ret mov
pop pop pop ret int3
mov jmp push push call
mov test jne mov mov
mov test je mov test
lea push call lea push
xor test setg lea mov
mov call push push mov
push call add push push
mov call test jne mov
push call test jne mov
push push lea push mov
int3 int3 push mov sub
call mov push push call
call mov lea call mov
call push push call mov
mov mov call pop pop
int3 int3 int3 push push
mov call mov pop pop
mov cmp je mov push
mov push call pop ret
int3 mov push mov sub
mov add push push push
mov pop pop pop leave
cmp jne push push call
add outs add add add
push call mov add test
call mov lea call push
lea push mov mov mov
call push mov call push
test jne mov mov mov
push mov mov call push
push call mov add mov
mov test je cmp jne
call push push mov call
mov mov mov call push
call cmp je push call
jne push push push push
push lea mov call mov
push push call push lea
mov mov push call add
jmp mov jmp int3 int3
push mov add push push
sub je sub je sub
test je push call mov
call mov mov test je
mov mov pop ret push
mov pop pop leave ret
push call add mov cmp
push call mov jmp mov
mov mov pop pop ret
je mov push call mov
mov call mov mov pop
mov mov call test jne
call mov cmp je push
call push push lea call
push push call push mov
call mov pop pop pop
pop pop pop ret nop
add pop add add add
int3 push mov push push
push push call mov pop
push mov mov test je
xor test setg lea test
mov mov mov sub mov
mov cmp je mov cmp
lea test jne movzx movzx
setg lea test jne movzx
cmp je mov cmp je
mov push push call push
add add add mov add
mov mov sub mov mov
push mov sub mov mov
xor push push push push
call mov mov push push
dec add add add add
test setg lea test jne
add mov add add add
mov mov mov xor mov
lea push push call lea
add add mov add add
push call add cmp je
nop nop nop mov push
pop mov pop ret int3
mov call mov test je
call lea call lea call
nop nop nop push mov
push call push call pop
call pop mov pop pop
add inc add add inc
leave ret mov push mov
push push lea call push
push call add jmp mov
mov mov test jne mov
add jmp mov add jmp
add add add add and
push mov push lea push
call add test je mov
jmp lea jmp mov lea
push lea mov mov mov
push call pop pop ret
mov add jmp mov add
mov mov mov mov sub
jge push push push push
add add add add dec
mov jmp cmp jne mov
leave ret push mov push
cmp jne mov cmp jne
push call add pop ret
mov cmp je cmp jne
lea call mov mov mov
call mov cmp je mov
push call mov test jne
push mov call mov push
push call cmp je push
call pop pop pop ret
add add add outs add
call test je push push
pop pop ret push push
or add add add add
push push mov xor push
add dec add push add
call push lea push push
add push add push add
push mov sub push mov
push mov mov push call
mov mov push lea push
mov call mov call mov
lea push push call test
sub mov xor mov push
push call add mov pop
mov mov cmp je cmp
push call mov cmp jne
cmp je cmp je mov
cmp je push call mov
lea push push push mov
mov test je cmp je
call mov test je push
push push push lea call
mov push lea push call
mov mov test je push
push call pop ret push
push call test jne push
push call mov test jns
pop pop pop mov push
push call pop mov mov
ret mov push mov sub
push call add lea push
mov call push push push
call test pop pop je
mov cmp jne mov jmp
add add adc add add
cmp jne push push push
mov cmp je push push
push lea push push lea
lea push call mov mov
push call pop ret mov
mov cmp jne mov cmp
push mov mov push push
push mov call push call
cmp je push push call
call mov mov pop pop
mov xor push push push
push lea call mov mov
add add add add push
push call pop pop test
add add dec add add
mov mov xor mov mov
leave ret int3 int3 int3
push call add mov push
mov pop pop mov pop
push call push mov call
call mov push push push
ret push mov sub mov
mov mov mov call test
pop mov pop pop ret
call mov test jns push
add adc add add add
push push mov mov push
mov mov call mov call
mov pop pop ret push
push call mov mov push
mov ret mov ret mov
lea push mov call mov
ret mov ret mov ret
inc add add inc add
jmp push push push push
test je mov test je
call lea mov call lea
lea jmp mov lea mov
push push push mov xor
call push push push call
push add add add add
push call mov push call
call lea push lea push
sub push push push mov
push mov call push push
mov mov mov mov xor
lea push push mov mov
cmp jne mov jmp mov
mov pop pop pop mov
mov push mov mov call
mov push push lea push
push call push call mov
push lea call push lea
push mov call push mov
lea mov call mov mov
jmp mov add jmp mov
push push push call jmp
mov push mov sub mov
push push mov call test
call test je mov mov
mov test je push push
lea push push call push
call mov test je mov
add add add adc add
lea jmp lea jmp mov
mov pop mov pop ret
push lea push call push
mov cmp je test je
test je mov push call
cmp je cmp jne mov
mov call test je push
pop ret push mov mov
nop nop nop nop push
push call mov pop pop
call lea push push call
mov lea push lea push
push push push push lea
mov mov mov pop ret
mov pop ret mov push
ret mov push mov mov
push push call add lea
push mov push mov call
mov sub mov mov mov
pop mov pop ret mov
ret push mov push mov
push push mov call add
ret push mov call mov
push call add push call
push push call lea push
je cmp je cmp jne
lea push push push lea
push call mov lea push
leave ret push mov sub
call add mov mov mov
mov lea push push mov
xor push push push mov
arpl add arpl add arpl
test je push push call
push call mov push push
jmp push push call test
mov push push call add
add arpl add arpl add
push call pop pop pop
call mov mov call mov
push call pop pop mov
push push lea call mov
push call lea push push
xor pop pop pop mov
push push push call pop
mov mov mov mov test
mov test je mov push
push lea push push mov
push push push call lea
call test je push call
call mov lea push push
push call mov lea call
je push push push call
cmp je push push push
mov jmp int3 int3 int3
mov mov lea mov mov
nop nop nop nop mov
push push call add pop
push lea push mov call
push mov mov mov push
push push call add jmp
mov mov call test je
add add push add add
push mov sub mov xor
lea mov call lea mov
add add add add inc
mov push mov sub push
mov sub push push push
mov sub mov xor mov
mov call push mov call
push push mov call push
push push call add cmp
push push push call cmp
push call pop mov pop
ret push mov sub push
jne movzx movzx sub je
mov add mov mov mov
pop ret nop nop nop
test jne movzx movzx sub
mov pop pop pop ret
mov mov push mov call
push call test je push
push call mov cmp je
mov call test je mov
push mov call test je
pop ret push mov sub
sub mov mov mov mov
pop mov pop ret push
mov mov mov add mov
mov mov mov jmp mov
add add add push add
test je push call pop
add dec add add add
mov xor mov mov mov
jne mov mov mov mov
int3 mov push mov push
mov push lea push push
push push call add push
mov lea mov mov mov
call push lea push call
push call test je mov
mov push mov mov push
mov mov add mov mov
mov mov mov mov add
pop pop leave ret push
push push call mov lea
mov mov push call mov
int3 int3 push mov push
mov mov push push call
mov mov push mov push
push mov mov push mov
mov mov mov lea mov
mov mov push push mov
mov push push mov call
mov lea push push call
push call add test jne
pop leave ret push mov
call mov mov mov call
mov mov mov mov jmp
push push call mov push
pop pop pop ret mov
push call push push call
cmp je mov mov mov
add add add dec add
cmp je push call pop
jmp mov lea mov xor
lea push push lea push
push call mov test je
mov cmp je cmp je
mov mov mov lea push
lea push push mov call
je mov mov mov mov
mov cmp je push call
mov mov lea push push
mov mov push mov mov
jmp jmp jmp jmp jmp
add mov mov mov mov
push call push lea push
call test pop pop jne
lea push lea push call
mov call lea mov call
test je mov mov mov
mov push call mov mov
je push call pop mov
xor mov mov mov mov
push mov mov call mov
push mov mov mov call
pop pop ret int3 int3
mov cmp je mov mov
mov mov mov test je
movzx movzx sub je xor
movzx sub je xor test
sub je xor test setg
pop pop ret mov push
je xor test setg lea
inc add inc add inc
add push add add add
mov pop pop pop pop
push push call mov cmp
call push push push push
push call add test je
mov mov mov push mov
push push mov mov call
push mov push call add
mov mov mov mov pop
push lea push call add
mov push mov call mov
pop pop pop leave ret
inc add add add add
jmp int3 int3 int3 int3
mov mov jmp mov mov
lea mov xor call mov
add add add inc add
push push call test jne
mov mov mov push push
mov call mov mov call
mov lea push push push
mov push push mov mov
cmp jne mov mov mov
mov mov mov cmp je
pop pop pop mov pop
je cmp je cmp je
mov lea mov xor call
mov xor call mov jmp
mov test je mov mov
pop pop pop ret push
push mov sub push push
mov test je push call
push call push push push
push mov push call mov
test je push push push
push push mov push call
lea mov mov mov mov
mov mov mov pop pop
je push push push push
call push call push call
add inc add add add
mov cmp jne mov mov
mov push call add mov
jmp mov mov mov mov
jmp mov jmp mov jmp
push push lea push call
push lea push call mov
ret mov push mov push
mov mov mov cmp jne
rol rol rol rol rol
mov mov mov push call
mov push push call mov
push push push mov push
push mov push mov mov
ret nop nop nop nop
mov mov cmp je mov
push push mov push mov
mov mov pop pop pop
and and and and and
push push call mov add
mov push mov push call
push call push call push
add add inc add add
mov mov mov mov lea
push push mov push push
push push call push call
mov mov cmp jne mov
mov push push mov push
push push push lea push
push mov push push call
ret push mov push push
mov mov push push push
mov pop ret int3 int3
mov mov test je mov
mov jmp mov mov mov
push push call test je
mov jmp mov jmp mov
pop pop pop pop pop
add inc add inc add
push push mov call mov
lea push push call mov
mov pop ret push mov
pop pop mov pop ret
push push call add test
push push call push push
mov push push push mov
push push push call test
push push call test pop
push call add mov mov
mov push mov mov mov
cmp je cmp je cmp
push push call mov test
mov mov mov mov cmp
inc inc inc inc inc
pop ret push mov push
push call mov mov mov
push call test pop pop
pop pop ret push mov
pop pop pop pop ret
int3 int3 mov push mov
push push push mov call
lea push push call add
mov mov mov mov push
push push push call push
lea push lea push lea
int3 int3 int3 mov push
lea push lea push push
int3 int3 int3 push mov
push push call add mov
push mov push push mov
push push lea push push
pop ret mov push mov
push push push push mov
mov push push push call
push mov call mov mov
lea jmp lea jmp lea
lea push push push push
push push push mov mov
push push call mov mov
push mov mov mov mov
push lea push push push
push mov push mov push
mov push mov push mov
push push mov mov mov
mov push mov push push
int3 int3 int3 int3 push
push push call pop pop
jmp lea jmp lea jmp
lea push push push call
int3 int3 int3 int3 mov
push lea push lea push
call mov mov mov mov
mov mov call mov mov
push mov push push push
mov call mov mov mov
pop ret int3 int3 int3
mov mov mov call mov
mov mov mov mov call
push lea push push call
mov push push push push
ret int3 int3 int3 int3
push push push call mov
push push push call add
nop nop nop nop nop
push push push push call
push push push push push
add add add add add
mov mov mov mov mov
int3 int3 int3 int3 int3
